Remove cyclic replication feature (#6668)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-overview.md

### Unsupported scenarios

Currently, the following scenarios are not supported:

- The TiKV cluster that uses RawKV alone.
- The [DDL operation `CREATE SEQUENCE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md) and the [SEQUENCE function](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md#sequence-function) in TiDB. When the upstream TiDB uses `SEQUENCE`, TiCDC ignores `SEQUENCE` DDL operations/functions performed upstream. However, DML operations using `SEQUENCE` functions can be correctly replicated.

TiCDC only provides partial support for scenarios of large transactions in the upstream. For details, refer to [FAQ: Does TiCDC support replicating large transactions? Is there any risk?](/ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md#does-ticdc-support-replicating-large-transactions-is-there-any-risk).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:**
>
> Since v5.3.0, TiCDC no longer supports the cyclic replication feature.
```

>
> The above issue exists only when `cdc cli` is v5.0.0-rc. Other v5.0.x `cdc cli` tool can be compatible with v4.0.x clusters.

> ### Cyclic replication is removed since v5.3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|  v4.0.14 and later v4.0 versions, v5.0.2 and later v5.0 versions, later TiDB versions | `sort-dir` is deprecated. It is recommended to configure `data-dir`.  |  You can configure `data-dir` using the latest version of TiUP. In these TiDB versions, `unified` sorter is enabled by default. Make sure that `data-dir` has been configured correctly when you upgrade your cluster. Otherwise, `/tmp/cdc_data` will be used by default as the temporary file directory. <br /><br /> If the storage capacity of the device where the directory is located is insufficient, the problem of insufficient hard disk space might occur. In this situation, the previous `sort-dir` configuration of changefeed will become invalid.| You need to configure `data-dir` using the `cdc server` command-line parameter (or TiUP).  |

### Compatibility notes for global temporary tables

Starting from v5.3.0, TiCDC supports [global temporary tables](/temporary-table.md#global-temporary-tables).

> Note that using TiCDC earlier than v5.3.0 to synchronize global temporary tables to the downstream will result in table definition errors.
> 
> If the upstream cluster of TiCDC contains global temporary tables, the downstream cluster must be TiDB v5.3.0 or later versions; otherwise synchronization errors will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that using TiCDC earlier than v5.3.0 to replicate global temporary tables to the downstream causes table definition errors.

If the upstream cluster of TiCDC contains global temporary tables, the downstream cluster must be TiDB v5.3.0 or later versions; otherwise, replication errors occurs.
```
